docs(messages): add serialization section with dump/load examples (#3361)
langchain-ai/docs: src/oss/langchain/messages.mdx

    Content blocks are not a replacement for the @[`content`][BaseMessage(content)] property, but rather a new property that can be used to access the content of a message in a standardized format.
</Info>

## Serialization

> Messages can be serialized to plain objects for storage and deserialized back to message instances. This is useful for persisting conversation history and resuming sessions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can serialize messages to plain objects for storage and deserialized back to message instances. This is useful for persisting conversation history and resuming sessions.
```

:::python
```python
from langchain.messages import HumanMessage
from langchain.load import dumpd, load

message = HumanMessage("What is the capital of France?")

# Serialize to a plain dict
serialized = dumpd(message)

# Deserialize back to a message object
restored = load(serialized)
```
:::

:::js
```typescript
import { HumanMessage } from "@langchain/core/messages";
import { dump, load } from "@langchain/core/load";

const message = new HumanMessage("What is the capital of France?");

// Serialize to a plain object
const serialized = dump(message);

// Deserialize back to a message object
const restored = await load<HumanMessage>(serialized);
```
:::

:::python
<Warning>
**`load()` instantiates Python objects and can trigger side effects during deserialization. Never call `load()` on data from an untrusted or unauthenticated source.**
</Warning>
:::

:::js
<Warning>
**`load()` deserializes data by instantiating classes and invoking constructors. Never call `load()` on untrusted or user-supplied input.** Only deserialize data that originates from a source you control, such as your own database.
</Warning>
:::

---

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
